# st/invaders

## Installation

Download from https://github.com/st/invaders

## Usage

    $ clojure -M:run-m -r .../radar-sample.txt [-t threshold] [-x]

This will display:
* the parameters used to run the application
* the detections in a table
* the ASCII representions of the detectable invaders (with their transformations if any)
* the original radar sample
* the radar sample overloaded with the detected invaders in red.

Run the project's tests:

    $ clojure -T:build test

## Examples

    $ clojure -M:run-m -h 
    > Will display usage

    $ clojure -M:run-m -r .../radar-sample.txt
    > Will run with default options and the given radar sample

    $ clojure -M:run-m -r .../radar-sample.txt -t 0.9
    > Will run with a threshold detection set to 90%. 
    Allowed thresholds are in the range [0.5 1.0].
    A low value increases the likelihood of false positives: an invader is detected multiple times at close locations.

    $ clojure -M:run-m -r .../radar-sample.txt -t 0.7 -x
    > Will also detect flipped versions of invaders   

## Remarks

### Algorithm

The algorithm used is brute force and not performance oriented.
Each pixel of the radar sample is examined by comparing clips from radar with patterns. 
I stick to idiomatic Clojure and a limited set of dependencies.

### AI?

I decided not to ask chatgpt any help. There are likely much better algorithms out there!

## License

Copyright © 2025 Stephanetavera

_EPLv1.0 is just the default for projects generated by `deps-new`: you are not_
_required to open source this project, nor are you required to use EPLv1.0!_
_Feel free to remove or change the `LICENSE` file and remove or update this_
_section of the `README.md` file!_

Distributed under the Eclipse Public License version 1.0.
